Errors json key (#135)
alphagov/notifications-tech-docs: source/documentation/_api_docs.md

All messages sent using the [team and guest list](#team-and-guest-list) or [live](#live) keys will appear on your dashboard.

> ### Errors

Reviewer: We use the heading of `Error codes` in other places in this file, so they might need to change too for consistency

> If the request is not successful, the response body is `json`, for example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the request is not successful, the API returns `json` containing the relevant error code. For example:
```
@idavidmcdonald This is more in line with the wording in the client docs – but it may not be right?

Reviewer: Looks good to me - I've made the change

```json
{
  "status_code": 400,
  "errors": [
    {"error": "BadRequestError", "message": "Can't send to this recipient using a team-only API key"}
  ]
}
```

> Refer to the table below for the different errors you may get.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

I think we can lose it – especially if we mention error codes in line 173.

> Refer to the table below for the different errors you may get.

Reviewer: This is now updated to make the suggested change of removing the sentence

> |status_code|errors|How to fix|

Reviewer 2: Does `status_code` need to be written the way it appears in the json?

The client docs are inconsistent in their naming of the second column. Could we use something like `Error message` for all of them?

Reviewer: I've used "Error message" here. I think status_code is fine, since it does appear that way in the JSON
